[Music] Very good, how are you my dear lovers of the heart, this afternoon I left a few
things pending in the live because I
had to go out, we were commenting on
episode 6 of this second season that
is making a mess in some things
and since I had left
things in the inkwell I wanted to come back here
to discuss them with you even if it's
in video format before continuing I
ask you all to please
subscribe give it a like and all those
little things that help me a lot
families you know that
the behavior of Ortega Cano with
Rocío Jurídico while she was in
Houston has been questioned and called into question they even released a video in which
Ortega Cano seemed to get angry as well
as he was in a bad mood wearing a
red jacket well in that
video it appears as if Ortega Cano had been like that the
whole trip and it was more than anything a
specific moment in fact we have this
clip of Rocío Jurídico
we are all you know and I give each one
their value because they have it, everyone
who was next to me, my family,
my friends because you have to see  how
my everyday friends have behaved towards me,
everyday friends, what
you really say, this is forever
friends and knowing that thank God I have
a lot, I have a lot, but Jose
has behaved like that, the truth is, being a
man
with the burden that he carries so great
because for him too it has been a
very difficult year, is that
he
also
went out to bullfight again because he could not
live without his passion because the greatest passion
of his life is bullfighting, did you
understand your assumption, man,
always, always, what do you think,
Rocío Juradó is lying, saying cut
here, he did not behave with her spectacularly,
Huston, we also have images,
not these images, I don't know why they don't
include them in the documentary, but look, we also have images, we have this, okay, for example, a loving man with his wife, supporting her, being by her side, and we also have this measure, surely well, I will not include it in the documentary either. Let's see, I want to see what you
get here, an
interview with José Ortega Cano, after the
difficult moments we have lived through, I sleep every
night next to her, holding her hand,
sitting in an armchair next to her bed. They
don't bring out these things  in the
documentary god has no shame and they
want to distort things in a
way that is not worth it I also wanted to
show you this article that they
sent me by email regarding the anderson
no that is the
oncology center specialized oncology hospital
where they took Rocío
Jurado and it is that this afternoon we were
arguing because of course I am not an
oncologist I do not want to get into something that
I know that I do not know but man I
thought let's see when they took her there was it
Fidel's idea or whoever it was
if it is true that it is Fidel's idea
I imagine that they
would think about it and there they would think about it and get informed and it would be the
best place no and there are many people who for
the simple fact of contradicting
Fidel and for the simple fact of
contradicting him and hating these
people and so on well they said no that it is the
same to be in Spain as to be in the
United States that in fact Spain was better than the
United States some were telling me in the
chat no
Beatriz Cortazar has said that the fact
that the doctors here in Madrid
preferred that  it was because they were the ones who
had already opened, those who had
operated, no, so it's not the same as having
the work continued by
professionals who were the ones who had
started the operations and knew
where to go, what they had touched, what they did
n't, where they opened,
that those here were also very good, than having
other people touch it for the first
time, let's say no, it's not the same as having the work
continued by the person who
started it than having someone else take it over,
no, but man, I found it done that you
sent it to me, the Anderson in
Houston recognized as the best
oncology hospital in the US, okay,
so I imagine that when they
thought, look, these from 2002, okay, two
years before,
the best ecological hospital
in the US, okay, so I imagine that
when they took it there it was because they
thought it would be the best, you understand, we
're talking about two times
twenty years ago, I do
n't know, I share the article but
you can give your opinion on whatever you want,
family, I'll be reading you, I'm
very interested in your opinion and I'll see you in
the next video, a big hug
[Music]